PM updates and new TS files (#72)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/ts-cannot-process-B2B.adoc

> = Cannot process B2B transactions successfully

Reviewer: Instructions for edit:
I have an edit for you. You'll see from the PR that I added three new TS files. I'm around most of the non-holidays next week, so hoping you are not too stacked up to edit this next week. Thanks.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You are performing tests on the flow or when your partner sends you B2B messages and you determine that the transactions are not getting processed.

Reviewer: The beginning of this sentence is hard to parse; what do you think about this instead?
```suggestion
You discover that transactions are not being processed when you test the flow or when your partner sends you B2B messages.
```

Author: Fixed.

== Causes

Any of the following can lead to this type of error:

> * Your payload storage is not setup correctly or it may not be functioning properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your payload storage is not set up correctly or is not functioning properly.
```

Author: Fixed.

> If the payload storage is not functional, B2B messages are not processed.

Reviewer: Is this followup sentence really required to clarify the list item?

Author: Yes, I think so.

> * The message flow configuration may not be aligned to the message being received from the partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The message flow configuration is not compatible with the message being received.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Examples of incorrect message flow configuration include - incorrect or missing identifiers, incorrect message types, and so forth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of incorrect message flow configuration include incorrect or missing identifiers, incorrect message types, and so forth.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Your Mule runtimes servers that process your B2B integration workloads may not be functioning properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Mule servers that process your B2B integration workloads are not functioning properly.
```

Author: Fixed.

> This can happen because your servers may be inactive, the apps may not be functioning correctly, and so forth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, your servers might be inactive, the apps might not be functioning correctly, and so forth.
```

Author: Fixed.

== Solutions

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding a transition sentence here that prepares the audience for the specific three solutions described in the following subtopics.

Author: Fixed.

=== Verify Payload Storage

> 

Reviewer: This title implies a task topic, with steps.
If this is really a chronology, we need to clarify that. Would the user first verify that the storage app is working?
If not, fix that; if so, then verify the storage source? 
Use steps, if these are chronological; ditto for the subbullets.

Reviewer: Are there three actions here:
Verify that the API is running?
Verify that the API is configured correctly?
Verify that the storage source is running?

Reviewer: Please consider reworking, if the above questions suggest that an alternative wording might be more clear.
If not, what follows is copyedited as-is.

Verify the appropriate configuration for the payload storage API.

> * If the payload storage app is functioning, verify the storage source (the S3 bucket, or Azure Blob store, or database, and so on)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the payload storage app is functioning, verify that the storage source (S3 bucket, Azure Blob store, database, and so on)
```

Author: Fixed.

> that you may be using as the storage solution. Ensure that this solution is up and functioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you are using is functioning.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * To view if the payload storage API is active/functioning, open Anypoint Runtime Manager to verify if the related payload storage app is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To verify that the payload storage API is functioning, open Anypoint Runtime Manager to verify if the related payload storage app is active.
```
I don't understand what is being verified: the "payload storage API" or the "related payload storage." This sentence has two verification statements: are they two actions or one?

Author: Fixed.

** Try restarting the app.

> ** Test out your payload storage API’s configuration using a browser extension such as Postman on Google Chrome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Test your payload storage API configuration using a browser extension such as Postman on Google Chrome.
```
Will your audience know what actions comprise this "test using a browser extension"?

Author: Yes.

> === Verify Flow configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Verify Flow Configurations
```

Author: Fixed.

> Verify your message flow configuration to ensure it matches the configuration per your partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that your message flow configuration is compatible with that of your partner.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . From within your Anypoint Partner Manager environment (either Sandbox or Production) select your <Hostname> profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From within your Anypoint Partner Manager environment (either Sandbox or Production), select your <Hostname> profile.
```

Author: Fixed.

. Select *Message Flows*.

> . Search for your message flow by the partner name or the message type such as 850.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for your message flow by partner name or message type, such as 850.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Once you locate the message flow, click on the message flow card to open it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you locate the message flow, click on the message flow card to open it.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . From the Message flow configurator, verify the following information per your agreement with your trading partner:

Reviewer: Is the UI label "Message flow configurator," or is this just what this "thing" is (a message flow configurator)?
Just capitalizing "Message" looks odd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the Message flow configurator, verify that the following information is in accordance with your agreement with your trading partner:
```

Author: Fixed.

** The correct identifiers are associated with the trading partner.

** The appropriate receive endpoint is configured in the flow.

> ** The appropriate document type (such as X12, version - 4010, message type - 850) is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The appropriate document type (such as X12, version - 4010, or message type - 850) is configured.
```

Author: Fixed.

** Verify that you have the appropriate acknowledgment configuration.

** Verify that you have an appropriate DataWeave map in the transformation section.

> ** Verify that you have configured an appropriate target such as both the message type of the target and the associated endpoint configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Verify that you have configured an appropriate target, such as both the message type of the target and the associated endpoint configuration.
```

Author: Fixed.

+

. If all of these look good, then ensure that the last deployment for this flow was successful by viewing the latest deployment history on the right side of the flow.

> . If you observe a Failed status, try to deploy the message flow to ensure all your configurations have persisted on the Mule runtime apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you observe a Failed status, try to deploy the message flow to ensure all your configurations have persisted on the Mule apps.
```

> NOTE: It can take a maximum interval of 5 minutes for your most recent changes to be effective on the runtime B2B Mule apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: It can take up to five minutes for your most recent changes to be effective on the runtime B2B Mule apps.
```

Author: Fixed.

> === Verify B2B integration apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Verify B2B Integration Apps
```

Verify that your B2B integration apps are active.

> . From the Anypoint platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From Anypoint Platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Verify that the B2B apps on the Mule Runtime are active by looking for a status of `started`. The list of apps includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the B2B apps on Mule are active by looking for a status of `started`. The list of apps includes:
```

Author: Fixed.

** APIReplicationService

** DocumentProcessingService

> ** One or more inbound apps. The names of these apps are prefaced with inbound-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** One or more inbound apps
The names of these apps are prefaced with "inbound-".
```

> ** One or more outbound apps. The names of these apps are prefaced with outbound-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** One or more outbound apps
The names of these apps are prefaced with "outbound-".
```

> ** There may be one or more acknowledgment apps. The names of these apps are prefaced with ack-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Possibly one or more acknowledgment apps
The names of these apps are prefaced with "ack-".
```

Author: All fixes done here.

+

> . If any of the B2B integration apps do not have a started status, from the Anypoint platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If any of the B2B integration apps do not have a started status, from Anypoint Platform, select Anypoint Runtime Manager and *Applications*.
```

Author: fix

. For each app that does not have started status, select its row in the table and select *Restart* from the drop-down menu in the upper right of the status area in the information panel.

. If restarting the app does not help you recover the application, select its row in the table and select *Delete* from the drop-down menu in the upper right of the status area in the information panel and confirm the deletion.

. Navigate back to the message flow related to the app you just deleted and deploy the message flow.

Consider the following when performing a delete:

** If you delete the `DocumentProcessingService` or the `APIReplicationService`, deploying any flow results in the redeployment of those apps.

> ** If you delete any of the inbound and/or outbound and/or ack apps, you have to redeploy the specific flow corresponding to the deleted apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you delete any of the inbound and/or outbound and/or ack apps, you have to redeploy the specific flow corresponding to the deleted apps.
```
```suggestion
** If you delete any of the inbound, outbound, or ack apps, you have to redeploy the specific flow corresponding to the deleted apps.
```

Author: Will not fix.
